Previously on Monarch...
-Meet Mackenzie Gates
from Open Horizons.
-Hi.
You took a back seat
to your mother for years.
The spotlight
doesn't find everyone.
LUKE:
Skyfair Media Group
have made an offer to acquire
a majority stake in Monarch.
I vote no.
Without my yes vote,
this merger dies.
So I want a tour.
She went for it.
Everything you asked for
and then some.
You ready for your dreams
to come true?
To what Monarch was
and to what Skyfair can be.
NICKY:
Nothing says "I love you" more
than sleeping
with the brother-in-law.
I might have a solution
that-that suits all of us.
KAYLA:
What if we fast-track
this whole thing and ask Luke
-to be our donor?
-Luke? My brother?
NICKY:
I am so sorry
that I pushed you away
and I'm so grateful
to have you in my life.
Nicky, I'm not
who you think I am.
Clive was the blackmailer,
wasn't he?
Sure sounded like it.
NICKY:
What about the body?
ALBIE:
Trust me,
I ain't forgetting.
I think you killed Clive.
So I'm gonna give you 24 hours
to turn yourself in.
This all ends tomorrow.
♪ A storm's brewing, babe ♪
♪ I ain't got time
to sit and pray ♪
(cheering, applause)
♪ Because this life
don't come free ♪
♪ I got what's mine ♪
-♪ Coming to me ♪
-(whoops)
♪ I said a storm's
brewing, babe ♪
♪ I ain't got time ♪
♪ To sit and pray... ♪
MAN (over P.A.): Everyone,
please remain in your seats.
(indistinct chatter)
-What the hell's that?
-NICKY: Daddy?
Just hold on a minute, folks.
There must be
some kind of misunderstanding.
What the hell
are you doing here, Tripp?
-We had a deal.
-Sorry, friend.
I just can't take the word of
a man with a passport and a jet.
-Cuff him.
-You son of a...
♪ I said this life... ♪
Albie Roman,
you are under arrest
for the murder of Clive Grayson.
♪ What's mine coming to me... ♪
Well, go on. Tell him
what you told me last night.
What?
After you killed Clive
that night,
I moved his body, and buried him
in the state park.
Why would you do that?
To make sure your father
went down for Clive's murder.
LUKE:
I knew you were up to something.
This doesn't make any sense.
NICKY:
Oh, it will.
Tell him why.
When I was a kid,
three years old,
my father was killed
by a drunk driver.
The man arrested for his death
was Albie Roman.
LUKE:
And you came here to get even,
-you son of a bitch.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Let's hear him out.
Then you can have at him.
I assume Nicky told you
it was Tripp behind the wheel
that night and not me.
Yeah. Yeah, she did.
GIGI:
So, you hid
Clive's body months ago.
You could've called
the cops at any time.
Right. Or planted it here
to get a conviction.
Why didn't you?
Because I fell in love.
And when I did, I knew
I couldn't hurt Nicky like that.
I knew I couldn't hurt
any of y'all like that.
My whole life,
I wanted the man
who took everything from me
to feel the pain that I felt.
I just had the wrong man.
I'm sorry.
ALBIE:
I understand
why you did it.
But there are things in life
that can't be forgiven.
And betraying my trust,
breaking my daughter's heart,
top of the list.
So you need to gather
your personals and leave.
If you ever step foot
on the Brambles again,
I promise,
I'll dig a hole for you.
LUKE:
Hey, Jamie.
One more thing.
♪ ♪
(car door opens)
-(car door closes)
-(engine starts)
Hey, Nick. You okay?
(car door opens, closes)
Albie.
Tripp.
I hope you're not here
to back out on our deal.
No.
No, I'm gonna turn myself
in tonight, like we agreed.
But there's something
I need to know first.
Why?
After everything
we've been through,
this can't just be
about politics.
You did a damn nice thing
for me 40 years ago.
And you held it over my head
every day since.
Has to end.
♪ ♪
All right, Daddy, there must be
something that we can do.
You can't just...
let Tripp win like this.
I wish there was,
but he's got me in a bind
-and he knows it.
-Well, then, leave.
GIGI:
Take the jet and find
a white sandy beach somewhere
in a country
without extradition.
If I run,
he'll come after all of you,
and I won't let that happen.
But there's one thing
you can do for me.
I want us to take
the stage one last time
and do what we do best.
Like a farewell concert?
That's exactly what I mean.
You think you can
get a venue for tonight?
-How big?
-Big as you can find.
And you think that we can
fill it on such short notice?
Albie Roman's final performance?
You post it on social,
we'll have a line
from here to El Paso.
Good.
And no more sad looks.
My job is to protect
this family.
And yours
is to stick together,
no matter what happens.
Can you do that for me?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Good.
(sighs)
Eat up. I'll see y'all later.
Doesn't make any sense.
It's not like Daddy to give up.
He's not giving up.
You heard him.
He's protecting us.
And now, we have
to stick together.
Just like Daddy said.
As a family, no matter what.
Agreed?
Yeah.
(phone buzzing)
Hey, bae, what's going on?
-Oh. Are you okay?
-Hi.
-Where is the doctor?
-Geeg, I'm fine,
but there's something
we need to talk about.
Yeah, your five months pregnant
and going into labor.
I'm not great at math,
but I know this ain't right.
Yeah, so, um...
Gigi, how are you?
I'm worried, to be honest.
Understandable, but no need.
Kayla came in for her checkup,
her water broke,
but she's only
a few centimeters,
so you made it
in plenty of time.
But it's too soon.
I'm sorry?
We only did IVF five months ago.
She can't be having
this baby yet.
You got to make
these contractions stop.
Your wife
is seven months pregnant.
But the baby
is healthy and viable,
and that's all that matters
right now.
Um, can we have
a moment, please?
Of course.
(exhales)
Look, before you say anything...
I'm not talking.
I'm listening, because I want
to hear it from you,
and I want all of it, now.
Okay.
-(car door closes)
-Geeg.
So, you know how you said you're
gonna miss me when I go on tour?
Wade has pulled out--
surprise, surprise--
and I was wondering
if you wanted to open for me.
Well, isn't that great?
What do you think?
Geeg.
I know, Nicky.
-What?
-Everything.
Kayla went into labor
and told me.
About, um,
her affair with Luke.
And the pregnancy.
And your little plot
to cover it all up.
Gigi, I'm so sorry.
You're my big sister.
You're supposed to protect me.
-I did, I swear.
-That wasn't for me.
That was protecting the family
name and the sacred Roman image,
just like Mama.
But at least when Mama
shivved you,
she didn't lie.
She didn't smile
and pretend to be
your very best friend.
I'm not lying
and I'm not pretending.
You are my best friend.
You'll always be my best friend.
Geeg, I-I never
wanted you to get hurt.
What Daddy said,
some things you can't forgive.
We're done.
As friends, as sisters,
as family.
Get the hell
off my porch, Nicky.
And don't ever come back.
♪ Baby, you're a song,
you make me want ♪
♪ To roll my windows down
and cruise... ♪
I have to say, when it comes
to Roman palace intrigue,
I thought I had heard it all.
But what your wife and brother
tried to pull off,
that really takes
the gluten-free cake.
Did they actually think
they'd get away with it?
I think they just crossed their
fingers and hoped for the best.
Well, they should've
crossed their legs.
This whole thing
wouldn't have happened.
Sorry, I tend
to hide behind humor
-at times of emotional distress.
-Mm.
I tend to hide behind tequila.
You know what the worst part
of all this is?
Might be hard to narrow down,
but go on.
Nicky.
She pretends to be
my best friend and champion
and all the while she's
choreographing a cover-up
like she's Alvin Ailey.
And now she gets to ride off
into the sunset
on her very own stadium tour.
Now you tell me how that's fair.
It's not, honey bear.
But the merger is a done deal.
Not even Dottie Roman herself
could change that.
Then why change it,
when I can burn it all
to the ground?
Thanks, Earl.
No. No, no, no, no. No.
That's not what I meant.
Why is it everybody always takes
my advice the wrong way?
(knocking on door)
-Hello.
-SKYLER: Hello.
Usually, when a Roman
walks through my door,
they're here to make
big, dramatic demands.
Actually, I'm here for you.
To keep you from making
a huge mistake.
I know you're investing millions
of dollars into Monarch.
Oh, hundreds of millions.
Well, I think you should know
exactly what you're getting.
-And what is that?
-A world of hurt.
The Romans seem to destroy
everything they touch.
-Go on.
-Well, Nicky, for instance,
daughter of legendary
Dottie Roman,
heir apparent to
the Queen of Country throne,
until the fans find out
that she helped kill my mother.
The law calls it
assisted suicide, but still,
the press, social media?
It'll be a feeding frenzy.
(scoffs)
Why in the world would you go
public with that kind of story?
Oh, pack a lunch
and pitch a tent,
'cause I'm just getting started.
Before I turn myself in tonight,
I wanted to...
talk to the two of you about
what happened that night
that your daddy died.
You mean the night
that you killed him?
Dad tried to kill Mom, Tate.
Tried to kill me, too.
He left me no choice.
Why should I believe you?
'Cause I've never lied to you.
And I ain't about to start now.
I truly wish things would've
gone different that night,
but that doesn't make me
any less sorry,
because it's the two of you
that got hurt the most.
You have no idea how I feel.
Grampa's just trying
to tell us the truth.
And he's going to prison for it.
That's all right, Ace,
she's right.
You know, the world believes
that my job is to sing
and play guitar,
but my real job
is to protect this family.
And the thing I'll be thinking
on the most while I'm away
is how I'm gonna
make this up to you two.
But in the meantime...
take care of each other.
And don't forget,
it's family first.
Now and forever.
Now, I know that Gigi's upset.
But I can assure you
that the Romans do not like
to air their dirty laundry
in public.
That may be,
but I can't go forward
on your assurances alone,
so I'm gonna have to...
hit pause on the tour.
-For how long?
-Six months.
Six months? Well, that's not
"pause," I'd say that's "stop."
Skyfair is
a multinational company
with a variety of businesses,
and if an artist
gets "canceled,"
things can snowball
very quickly.
I'm very sorry, Nicky, but...
it's better this way.
For who? For the shareholders
or... some hedge fund?
'Cause it's certainly
not better for me.
Well, I don't want
to have to remind you
that it was my vote
that made the merger happen
in the first place.
Is that a threat?
You can take it how you want,
but no tour, no merger.
You know,
nine times out of ten,
I am sitting across
the negotiating table
from some old white man who
underestimates me from the jump.
So if you think
that you're calling my bluff,
I assure you, I'm not bluffing.
The tour's off.
Then so is the merger.
I'll see myself out.
(door opens)
♪ ♪
JAMIE:
Sorry, I didn't think
anybody would be here.
I can come back.
No, no, I was,
I was just leaving.
Nicky.
Look, I know
you can't forgive me,
nor would I expect you to,
but I just want you to know
that I meant everything I said.
Which part?
The truth or the lies?
I never lied about
how I feel about you.
And I'm sorry about your tour.
Even the greatest artists
go through hard times.
Jamie, stop. Come on.
Your entire reason
for being here was a lie, so...
I deserve that. I do.
And you don't have to believe me
or listen to a word I say,
but the one person you should
never stop believing in
is yourself.
I can pack up another time.
ACE:
I just can't believe
he's going to prison.
-ANA: I know.
-My grandfather's
my best friend, Ana.
Or was.
I don't even know anymore.
It was self-defense, Ace.
Your dad went all psycho.
Yeah, but he's still my dad.
And now that my grandpa's
going away, it's just...
it feels like I'm losing
everyone who's close to me.
Well, you're not gonna lose me.
What's going on here?
Nothing.
Ace is upset.
We're friends, Mom.
Well, ever since
you became friends,
my daughter has stopped
listening to me.
Come on, let's go.
-We're leaving.
-No, Ace cares about me.
And not just because I can sing.
So stop trying to control me.
How dare you talk to me
like that?
You better get used to it.
'Cause this little girl that you
dressed up and paraded around
is tired of being told
what to do.
Ana.
♪ ♪
♪ Six months of misleading me ♪
♪ What happened
to the honesty? ♪
♪ Telling me lies
to cover up the truth ♪
♪ I don't want to hear
another word ♪
♪ Nothing you can say
can heal the pain ♪
♪ So this is goodbye,
you can watch me walk away... ♪
You understand, right?
Just don't feel
up to singing tonight.
I'm sorry.
I'm the one who's sorry,
for what that brother of yours
did to you.
You've gotten
through worse, Georgina.
You'll get through this.
Like that song says,
what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger.
That's right.
Only, that's a lie, Daddy.
'Cause what doesn't kill you
just makes you feel
really, really bad.
♪ This is my hurt song... ♪
Come here.
♪ This is my hurt song. ♪
Hey.
You're not staying for the...
the-the planning meeting
for Daddy's concert?
The only thing I'm planning
is what family to join next.
-(door opens)
-LUKE: Nicky?
Skyler just called.
Hi. Hi, Geeg.
You backed out of the deal?
Well, yes,
because she canceled the tour.
-What, so you killed the merger?
-GIGI: For the record,
I'd like to think
that I killed the merger.
Geeg, I know you must
hate me right now,
and there's probably nothing
I can say to ever make it right,
but that merger
was worth millions.
Well, I like to think
that my marriage was priceless.
NICKY:
Luke, at least try
and apologize to her properly.
-I'm trying.
-BOTH: Well, try harder.
Don't pretend like you're not
just as guilty as he is.
I did not sleep with Kayla.
As far as we know.
No, no, don't you dare
make this about me.
For the last time,
I was trying to fix your mess.
How? By making a bigger one?
That plan was ridiculous.
You know what plan
was ridiculous is mine.
The one about
"till death do us part"
and "happily ever after."
That ship has sailed,
thanks to you two.
ALBIE:
In eight hours,
I'm turning myself in.
I'm asking one thing:
for the three of you
to find a way to be a family,
because pretty soon,
you're all
you're gonna have left.
I know being inside
ain't gonna be no picnic,
but being out here
and facing the world alone,
pretty sure
that ain't much better.
He's right.
Can we not just do
what Daddy's asking
and please, please forgive
each other
before his farewell concert?
I hate to say no to Daddy...
...but this time,
there's no chance in hell.
LUKE:
I don't know what to say, I...
I did my best.
-I really thought
we had it this time.
-SKYLER: You got us close.
Families... are complicated.
And mine is in a league
of their own.
-(clears throat)
-I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I-I wasted your time.
(scoffs)
I don't believe in wasted time.
In fact,
sometimes the best deals
are the deals
that you don't make.
(laughs softly)
Optimism. Yeah.
I remember what that felt like.
Then let me share some of mine.
You should be glad
this is a drink in my hand
and not a .45.
Look, I know
I'm not welcome here.
I heard you. But I wanted
to tell you something
that I didn't get
to say earlier.
I didn't change my plans
just because of my feelings
for your daughter.
The time we spent together
making music...
well, it was one
of the highlights of my life.
And I never really knew
my father,
but I like to think...
well, I like to think
he would've been
something like you.
Have a good show.
♪ When the sun goes down,
we gonna ride it up... ♪
♪ ♪
RECEPTIONIST (over phone):
Putting you through
to Mackenzie Gates.
-(phone rings)
-Nicky Roman.
-It's been a minute.
-NICKY: Hi.
You still breaking the hearts
of country stars
all over the world?
I prefer to think
we make dreams happen.
Not mine.
Seems like we're in
good company.
I heard about your deal
with Skyfair falling through.
That's why I'm calling.
I've got a proposition for you.
♪ Rowdy up, raise some Cain ♪
♪ Get a little wild
on the crazy train ♪
♪ Tonight we don't give
a what ♪
♪ When the sun goes down
we gonna rowdy up ♪
♪ Rowdy up, raise some Cain... ♪
(knock on door)
Hey, there you are.
I've been looking everywhere
for you.
I'm just really not in the mood
right now, Aunt Nellie.
Then I'll make it quick.
'Cause I've got some news
for you
you're gonna want to hear.
A little bird told me
that Nicky got Mackenzie Gates,
from Open Horizon,
to come to the show tonight.
-Okay...
-Gigi,
they're coming
so she can convince them
to give her a tour.
Now, I know I've told you
that my biggest regret
was allowing your mama
to claw her way ahead of me
and snatch all the fame
for herself.
Okay. So...
So I am telling you--
No, I am begging you.
Do not let this happen to you.
If you've ever wanted it,
you snatch first.
(crowd cheering loudly)
Thank you for coming
last-minute.
I know this concert's
a bit of a mystery,
but the truth is,
I'm gonna be gone for a while.
-(disappointed groans)
-And I just wanted to
stand up here and make music
with y'all one more time.
So I'm gonna bring out one
of my favorite performers,
my amazing daughter...
-GIGI: Gigi Roman.
-(cheers and applause)
What?
I didn't think you were
singing tonight.
You're not the only one
full of surprises, Daddy.
As I was saying,
my amazing daughter Gigi Roman.
(cheers and applause)
♪ ♪
♪ You know the bed
feels warmer ♪
♪ Sleeping here alone ♪
♪ You know I dream in color ♪
♪ And do the things I want ♪
♪ You think you got
the best of me ♪
♪ Think you've had
the last laugh ♪
♪ Bet you think that
everything... ♪
Luke, did you know about this?
♪ Think you left me
broken down ♪
♪ Think that I'd come
running back ♪
What the hell is she doing?
That's my song.
Then get out there.
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
♪ Stand a little taller ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely
when I'm alone ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes a fighter ♪
♪ Footsteps even lighter ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm over
'cause you're gone ♪
♪ You heard that I was
starting over ♪
♪ With someone new ♪
♪ They told you I was
moving on ♪
♪ Over you ♪
♪ You didn't think that
I'd come back ♪
-♪ I'd come back swinging ♪
♪ You tried to break me,
but you see ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
♪ Stand a little taller ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely
when I'm alone ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes a fighter ♪
♪ Footsteps even lighter ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm over ♪
♪ 'Cause you're gone ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Just me, myself and I ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
♪ Stand a little taller ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely
when I'm alone ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger. ♪
(wild cheers and applause)
I cannot believe
you did that to me.
Believe it, 'cause the days of
me sitting back
and watching you be queen bitch
are over, Nicky.
I am not your damn pawn.
Oh, I don't know who you are
anymore.
MAN (over P.A.):
Everyone please remain
in your seats.
What the hell's that?
♪ A storm's brewing, babe ♪
♪ I ain't got time... ♪
Just hold on a minute, folks.
There must be some kind
of misunderstanding.
♪ Because this life ♪
♪ Don't come free... ♪
What the hell are you
doing here, Tripp?
We had a deal.
♪ Coming to me ♪
♪ I said a storm's
brewing, babe ♪
♪ I ain't got time
to sit and pray ♪
♪ Because this life... ♪
I knew we couldn't trust Tripp.
I already notified
our legal team.
-(indistinct chatter)
-♪ What's mine coming to me ♪
(siren chirps)
(tires screech)
-(helicopter hovering)
-Hold on there.
There's been a mistake.
Let Mr. Roman go, please.
Bill, hold on a second.
There's no mistake here.
Albie Roman is guilty of murder.
Then explain how
Clive Grayson's body
was found on your property.
What the hell are you
talking about?
How is that even possible?
Anonymous tip came in.
I'm sorry to say
it checked out.
Why would I want to kill
Clive Grayson?
Well, it seems he's been
blackmailing you
about an old hit and run.
The money was in his account.
Guess you got tired
of paying him off.
No, Bill, this is ridiculous.
-This is ab...
-Tripp DeWitt,
you are under arrest...
-No, this is ab...
-For the murder of
Clive Grayson.
What the hell did you do?
This isn't over, pal,
not by a long shot.
What just happened?
I have an idea.
It was you, wasn't it?
All my life I've dreamt
of punishing the man
who killed my father.
Like I said, I just had
the wrong man.
-So you...
-Planted the body
at Tripp's lake house.
Tipped the cops.
It was easier than
you might think, actually.
Well, my family's grateful,
but...
I didn't do it
to win you back, Nicky.
I did it 'cause Tripp
had it coming.
But now that we're talking,
you want to tell me
how the concert went?
Well,
let's just say that
I don't think a tour is
in the cards for me anymore.
So you're giving up, then.
I did what you said.
I doubled down,
I bet on myself, and
nothing I tried worked.
Well, then, maybe you
misunderstood my advice.
Because the time to double down
is after
nothing you tried worked.
(door opens)
Hell of a night.
I reckon.
Let me ask you something.
What's it like for everything
to always just work out?
You kill a man. Nothing.
You don't want a merger.
Goes away.
Life does what you want
without you lifting a finger.
I suggest you go home
and sleep it off.
Before you say something
you'll regret.
No, I'm done with regret.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of being judged.
That's funny,
coming from a man
that slept with
his sister's wife.
Said the man who
knocked up the gardener.
Or was she--
Was she the caretaker?
It's hard to keep track.
Come on, Pops, we finally
have something in common:
bastard children.
This is not a road
you want to go down,
I assure you.
Oh, it looks like you want
to take a swing at me.
Well, I ain't Jamie, boy.
I'm gonna hit you back.
Oh, my God.
(exhales) How hard you are
on the rest of the world.
How easy you are on yourself.
If you don't like
this family, leave!
Way ahead of you, Pops!
Way ahead.
Skyler Samms offered me a job
running a new subsidiary
ten times the size of Monarch,
and I took it.
But you know the best part?
Is I get to watch you
run Monarch into the ground.
Then the whole world gets to see
you for what you really are.
Just a tired old man
with nothing but his ego
and a six-string.
Well, that's all
you really need
if you actually have talent.
And pretty soon,
Skyler will see what I see,
which is everything
that you'll never be.
(grunts)
Damn.
Looks like I learned
more from you than I thought.
♪ ♪
Mackenzie, wait.
Uh, thanks for the invite.
That was, uh, quite the show
your family put on.
I promised you
it wouldn't be boring.
The Romans never are.
You can't change
who your family is,
and truth be told,
I wouldn't want to.
But if you look past the drama,
I can put on one hell of a show
all by myself.
Country music needs a new queen,
and, no, I'm not my mama.
But the world's changing;
it doesn't want perfect anymore,
it wants real.
Beat up and knocked down,
and standing back up again
and fighting.
And that's what you saw
last night.
That was me. That was real.
It sure was.
So back my tour,
and I promise you
there won't be an empty seat,
because I will not sleep
until every ticket is sold.
(sighs)
Nicky...
I don't know what to say.
I think the word
you're looking for is "yes."
(knock on door)
Mr. Roman.
I came here because there's
something I need to tell you
about the man you just hired.
You mean your son.
Boy's been a pain in my ass
since he was born,
but he's damn good
at what he does.
I never gave him a fair shake,
and I hope you do.
You're lucky to have him.
Albie Roman, who knew under
that Stetson was nothing
but a soft caramel center.
And, Albie, when you're done
mourning your wife,
I know a Dallas girl made good
who's still
a sucker for cowboys.
I'm sorry.
Really I am, Geeg.
I don't know why it
took me so long to say it.
I know I could say it
every day
for the rest of my life,
and you'd be right
to never forgive me.
I hope you can.
Me, too.
But today ain't that day.
KAYLA:
He's beautiful, isn't he?
Yeah, he is.
Geeg...
Don't.
I love you,
and I know I screwed up.
Just take care of him,
and be there for him.
He's gonna need you.
What about you?
What about us?
I don't know.
ACE:
Your own tour, Mom?
That's awesome.
Now, are you sure that
you don't want to come? Hmm?
I still haven't got
an opening act.
Yeah, come on.
It'll be fun.
I don't know. I think
I'm gonna stay with Grandpa.
I don't like thinking of him
being all alone
-in that big house.
-Oh, my God.
You know, whatever I did right
in my life,
I can see it in both of you.
But, Mom, I do have an idea
for your opening act.
-Hey.
-Oh.
Note to self: next house
get a gate, or a moat.
It's way too easy for y'all to
be popping around all the time.
I saw Mackenzie from, um,
Open Horizon this morning.
She offered me a...
a world tour.
But me being me, I said, I said
she had to sweeten the deal.
Nicky, if the credits roll
with you getting
a happy ending while I end up
eating a frozen pizza
crying myself to sleep alone,
I'm not really sure
this is the amazing story
that you think it is.
I said I wouldn't take it
unless you were part of it.
-As your opening act.
-No, co-headlining.
The Roman Sisters Tour.
You and me, equal billing.
Taking the world by storm,
like we used
to dream of as kids.
Well, come on, say something.
For real?
Gigi, Mama was wrong.
There can be two queens.
So what do you say?
So how about making both
our dreams come true?
♪ ♪
♪ They're there
for your first year ♪
♪ They give you
your first beer ♪
♪ When you get
your heart broke ♪
♪ They're there
for your worst year ♪
♪ Don't get you at all
but your apple don't fall ♪
♪ Too far from 'em ♪
♪ They own too much wicker... ♪
NICKY: Uh, can we just make sure
that this lot stays together?
And, Hunter,
can you put that-- Hey.
♪ You might look just like 'em ♪
-Hey.
-Hello.
♪ You're like 'em
but you love 'em ♪
-I'm so glad you're coming.
-Me, too.
Oh. Won't be a minute.
♪ They're there... ♪
Mom, have you seen
my backpack?
♪ And remarried,
you fall out of touch... ♪
-Oh.
-(both laugh)
I'm so proud of you.
All I ever wanted for you
was everything.
Yeah, well, being Nicky and
Gigi's opening act,
-I'd say you did it.
-You did it.
♪ Family is family ♪
♪ In church or in prison ♪
♪ You get what you get ♪
♪ And you don't get
to pick 'em ♪
♪ They might smoke
like chimneys ♪
♪ But give you their kidneys ♪
♪ Your friends come in handy ♪
♪ But family is family... ♪
Hey.
Hi.
Uh, you're not gonna, uh, take
a swing at me, too, are you?
No.
I wish it hadn't
come to this.
Stayed at Monarch,
like Mom wanted.
She'd have been proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
And it's the right move for you.
Yeah.
Well, if you ever want
to switch to a bigger label...
-Luke!
-(chuckles)
♪ They're there when
you're married ♪
♪ Divorced and remarried ♪
♪ You fall out of touch ♪
♪ But then someone
gets buried ♪
♪ And you're right back
together ♪
♪ Like no time has ever
gone by... ♪
-I'm gonna miss you.
-Me, too.
Better not fall in love
with anyone on the road.
Promise not to fall in love
with anyone back home.
Deal.
I am so proud of you, Gigi.
But one last word of advice.
I know I told you about
all the mistakes I made,
but there's one
I didn't tell you about.
I didn't just take
a back seat to my sister.
-I did something worse.
-What's that?
I trusted her.
♪ Family is family ♪
♪ In church or in prison ♪
♪ You get what you get ♪
♪ And you don't get
to pick 'em ♪
♪ They might smoke
like chimneys ♪
♪ But give you their kidneys ♪
♪ Yeah, friends come in handy ♪
♪ But family is family ♪
♪ You might look
just like 'em ♪
♪ That don't mean
you're like 'em ♪
♪ But you love 'em. ♪
-You called?
-Yeah. With Luke leaving,
I'll be running Monarch.
I could use a man that knows
the music business.
That a job offer?
We'll see.
-(quiet chatter)
-(engine starts)
-Bye.
Things are changing, Nellie.
Yeah, all these goodbyes
make me so thirsty.
-Sip it slowly. It burns.
-Mm.
I'll meet you girls
in San Antonio.
No bronzer without supervision.
♪ ♪
We came here for one reason.
To punish the Romans
for everything they've done
to both of us.
We had a plan.
Yeah, well, plans change.
I'm done, Catt.
Well, not my plans.
So, Jamie, if you're wondering,
you're done
when I say you're done.
Hey, thank you for everything.
Don't thank me yet.
Party's just getting
started, sister.
NICKY:
Mm-hmm.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org